yes so as soon as they come after me
I'll just push the switch and they'll
fall into the dark abyss well I guess
it's more of a light abyss since water
phones are really they're dark in fact
they're kind of pretty
water is always pretty
wait a minute Sonic what is it now tails
who's this
it's a weird pile of something and I've
seen it before it looks very familiar
that's because they're rocks tails just
a pile of rocks they're everywhere
Oh snooty about it another bridge I love
these things remember last time we found
a flippy bridge I said I'd write it down
but you know what I forgot and I can
remember hey Sonic what can i ross some
paper Oh will you we I'll crap again
tails all these shenanigans are really
not helping in our ultimate quest of
defeating Eggman this part of the island
is probably all that's left all this
time we've wasted he's probably already
taken over the world and left this part
of the island untouched just to spite us
you really need to get going
alright Sonic first of all there are way
too many words in those sentences that I
don't know and secondly I have listened
to pool water baby there's no air down
here tails just swim you have the
ability to swim oh yeah hey look I can
fly too
check it out yes tails I know you can
fuck hey wait up
Wow Sonic just look at the waterfall
isn't it pretty
do you ever just stop and look anymore
look at what that waterfall Sonic it
nature the natural wonders and beauties
of the world the things that caused us
to name this island Angel Island retails
the Helland is beautiful but
unfortunately I have lost all desire to
look at my surroundings probably because
oh yeah the islands on fire oh holy crap
Eggman did didn't you watch the trailer
the what nothing oh you mean your house
what nothing
so anyway can we go now Sonic I think
it's time you realize that not only do I
have down saying let me travel but I'd
probably end up following you wherever
you went anyway even if I didn't want to
go so that means going go tails look
it's knuckles
let's get him there a week watch this
boo whoa Sonic you scared me there buddy
what's up nothing much what's going on
with you Sonic what are you doing
actually tails you're exactly right what
I'm doing is called fraternizing with
the enemy thank you I can make him think
I'm his friend so I can attack him from
the inside
wouldn't that be considered betraying
your friend no I'm not actually becoming
his friend I'm just acting like his
friend so he likes me so I can do
undercover stuff well I think we've
established by now that my understanding
of anything really doesn't matter so
please continue
so yeah that's something about your rock
there speaking of rocks I'm wondering
have you seen the Chaos Emerald lately
well of course I saw them just yesterday
from you if I remember correctly oh yeah
right
how did I forget but anyway I was
wondering could I have them back of
course not now die well I guess knuckles
really phoned in the evil on this one
actually you were supposed to fall with
Sonic oh well I guess you didn't take
note of my flying power now did you
actually I did I just expected you to be
so unprepared for the bridge falling out
that you actually fell anyway
is that a stupid joke do you take me for
some sort of mutant Faust it's not
paying enough attention and notice the
bridge under his own feet collapse do
you honestly think that I wouldn't be
able to react in time well honestly yes
oh I suppose that's a reasonable
assumption so do you want to do me a
favor what's that
well Oh Sonic down the waterfall oh yeah
sure Thanks no problem see you later
buddy oh and uh you know we'll get you
and stuff like that hmm
he really is a stupid Putin Fox